## Report

### typeScript version 4.0.2

- Ts is a superset of the js.
- Ts has intelisense and that is nice to make the work more speed.
- some variables need to be type but not but not all of them.
- if a write 'tcs path.ts' so ts transform the code ts in js.
- **interfaces** are interesting it helps to type a variable for two or more functions and classes diferents.

### nextJs version 9.5.1

- **getStaticPath** this async function is executed only in server and return a params with object for example path = [{id: 1ab2c3}] and a fallback that retun a bollean value. The params returned is used in another function 'getStaticProps'. The objective of getStaticPath is to use the params value with a dynamic path of a static page.
  the fallback allow that static pages to be pre-rendering on build-time or not, for example if fallback is true the all statics pages are not pre-rendering on build-time it do the and if fallback is false all the statics pages are pre-rendering on build-time.

- **getStaticProps** this async function is executed only in server too, it receives with parameters value returned of **getStaticPath** and return a props value of the a cms or database for a example, after this process you can to use the valor of props as you wish, the data of props will be rendering in a static page with a dynamic path returned in function **getStaticPath**

- **getServerSideProps** that async function is have a less performance is have a smaller Seo score, this function can to recieve with parameter a value of the dynamit path e it return a props and that props contain a value of a database, cms and etc... this function is only can only to be seen on backend for security purposes.
